Manual pairing code (#39)
canonical/matter-docs: how-to/chip-tool-commission-and-control.rst

      -  ``20202021`` is the pin code set on the device
      -  ``3840`` is the discriminator id

      .. note::

>          It is also possible to commission a Thread device using a manual pairing code, making Bluetooth unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         It is also possible to commission a Thread device using a manual pairing code, without using Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE).
```
